# GET | List all passwords

Access information of passwords stored in **MySafe**.

## Request

`GET` `api/mysafe/password`

## Query parameters

Send the parameters below as URL **query**.

* `tag` - string - Filters passwords by the tag registered.
* `name` - string - Filters passwords by their name.
* `username` - string - Filters passwords by the username registered.
* `url` - string - Filters passwords by the URL registered.

### Example request

`GET` `{{url}}api/mysafe/password` - Lists all passwords.

`GET` `{{url}}api/mysafe/password?tag=gmail` - Lists password(s) registered with the `tag`= `gmail`.

`GET` `{{url}}api/mysafe/password?name=Github` - Lists password(s) registered with the `name`= `Github`.

`GET` `{{url}}api/mysafe/password?username=dleite` Lists password(s) registered with the `usernam`= `dleite`.

`GET` `{{url}}api/mysafe/password?url=www.gmail.com`- Lists password(s) registered with the `url`= `www.gmail.com`.

## Response

```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK 
```

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "response": {
        "status": 200,
        "message": "",
        "error": false,
        "error_code": 0,
        "detail": "",
        "mensagem": "",
        "erro": false,
        "cod_erro": 0
    },
    "password_on_list": [
        {
            "identifier": "3",
            "name": "Github",
            "url": "https://github.com",
            "username": "deboraleitef@gmail.com",
            "tags": "",
            "need_justify": "0",
            "need_approval": "0",
            "can_view": true,
            "can_write": true
        },
        {
            "identifier": "4",
            "name": "gmail personal",
            "url": "www.gmail.com",
            "username": "user@gmail.com",
            "tags": "gmail",
            "need_justify": "0",
            "need_approval": "0",
            "can_view": true,
            "can_write": true
        },
        {
            "identifier": "5",
            "name": "gmail corporate",
            "url": "www.gmail.com",
            "username": "corporateuser@gmail.com",
            "tags": "gmail",
            "need_justify": "0",
            "need_approval": "0",
            "can_view": true,
            "can_write": true
        },
        {
            "identifier": "6",
            "name": "Segura",
            "url": "www.Segura.com",
            "username": "dleite",
            "tags": "Segura",
            "need_justify": "0",
            "need_approval": "0",
            "can_view": true,
            "can_write": true
        }
    ]
}
```

### Response body fields

• `passwords_on_list` - array of objects - Data of the saved passwords.\
&#x20;   → `identifier` - string - Numeric unique identification code of the password.\
&#x20;   → `name` - string - Name of the password.\
&#x20;   → `url` - string - URL of the website where the password is being used.\
&#x20;   → `username` - string Username used to access the account.\
&#x20;   → `password` - string - The password that's being added.\
&#x20;   → `secret_key` - string - The secret key provided for multi-factor authentication.\
&#x20;   → `token` - string - The TOTP code generated by Segura for multi-factor authentication based on the secret key provided in [POST | Create password](api-get-list-all-passwords.md).\
&#x20;   → `tags` - string - Keywords associated with the password.\
&#x20;   → `users_allowed` - string - array of objects - Data of the users with password access.\
&#x20;         → `username` - string - Name of the user with password access permission.\
&#x20;         → `can_write` - boolean - Editing permission.\
:::(Warning) (Attention)\
Users with `can_write` = `true` permission can disable the password.\
:::\
&#x20;   → `groups_allowed` - string - array of objects - Data of the groups with password access.\
&#x20;         → `name` - string - Name of the group with password access permission.\
&#x20;         → `can_write` - boolean - Editing permission.\
:::(Warning) (Attention)\
Group members with `can_write` = `true` permission can disable the password.\
:::

## Errors

<details>

<summary>500 - Internal Server Error.</summary>

***

Message: "Unexpected error."\


Possible cause: the error is in the Segura server.\


Solution: contact the support team for more information.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>No route matched with those values.</summary>

***

Message: "You are not authorized to access this resource."

Possíveis causas: failure in your application authentication with the Segura server.\


Solution: check the authentication parameters such as `Access Token URL`, `Client ID` and `Client Secret` and request a new access token or check and correct the URL.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>An invalid response was received from the upstream server.</summary>

***

Message: "An invalid response was received from the a seupstream server

Possible cause: the upstream server may be taking too long to respond, leading to a timeout error that is interpreted as an invalid response by the proxy/gateway server.\


Solution: check the connectivity between the source of the request and the Segura server.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>The upstream server is timing out.</summary>

***

Message: "The upstream server is timing out"

Possible cause: the request time has expired.

Solution: check the connectivity between the source of the request and the Segura server.

***

</details>
