# GET | List a password by \[identifier]

Access a password information in **MySafe**.

## Prerequisites

* Password access in **MySafe**.

## Request

`GET` `api/mysafe/password/[identifier]`

## Request parameters

Send the parameter below in the **path** of the URL.

* `identifier` - int - required - Unique identification code of the password.Note: this value is automatically assigned by Segura in [POST | Create password](../../../../../v4/docs/api-post-create-password/) and is obtained in the response to the [GET | List all passwords](../../../../../v4/docs/api-get-list-all-passwords/).

### Example request

`GET` `{{url}}api/mysafe/password/5`

## Response

```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK 
```

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "response": {
        "status": 200,
        "message": "Success",
        "error": false,
        "error_code": 0,
        "detail": "",
        "Message": "Success",
        "erro": false,
        "cod_erro": 0
    },
    "password_entity": {
        "identifier": "5",
        "name": "gmail corporate",
        "url": "www.gmail.com",
        "username": "corporateuser@gmail.com",
        "password": "7yha&thisismycorporatepassword78%h",
        "secret_key": null,
        "token": null,
        "notes": "my gmail password",
        "tags": "gmail",
        "users_allowed": [],
        "groups_allowed": []
    }
}
```

### Response body fields

• `passwords_entity` - array of objects - Password data.\
&#x20;   → `identifier` - string - Numeric unique identification code of the password.\
&#x20;   → `name` - string - Name of the password.\
&#x20;   → `url` - string - URL of the website where the password is being used.\
&#x20;   → `username` - string Username used to access the account.\
&#x20;   → `password` - string - The password that's being added.\
&#x20;   → `secret_key` - string - The secret key provided for multi-factor authentication.\
&#x20;   → `token` - string - The TOTP code generated by Segura for multi-factor authentication based on the secret key provided in [POST | Create password](../../../../../v3-33/docs/api-post-create-password/).\
&#x20;   → `tags` - string - Keywords associated with the password.\
&#x20;   → `users_allowed` - string - array of objects - Data of the users with password access.\
&#x20;         → `username` - string - Name of the user with password access permission.\
&#x20;         → `can_write` - boolean - Editing permission.\
:::(Warning) (Attention)\
Users with `can_write` = `true` permission can disable the password.\
:::\
&#x20;   → `groups_allowed` - string - array of objects - Data of the groups with password access.\
&#x20;         → `name` - string - Name of the group with password access permission.\
&#x20;         → `can_write` - boolean - Editing permission.\
:::(Warning) (Attention)\
Group members with `can_write` = `true` permission can disable the password.\
:::

## Errors

<details>

<summary>400 - Bad Request.</summary>

***

Message: "1010: Unexpected identifier type"

Possible cause: the `identifier` sent wasn't recognized as valid.\


Solution: check the value for the `identifier` and resend the request.

***

Message: "1005: Password not found"

Possible cause: the password wasn't found.\


Solution: check the value for the `identifier` and resend the request.

***

Message: "1006: User does not have access"

Possible cause: user isn't allowed to access the item.\


***

Message: "1009: Inactive password"

Possible cause: the password is inactive.\


Solution: enable the password through `PUT` `api/mysafe/password/active[identifier]`.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>500 - Internal Server Error.</summary>

***

Message: "Unexpected error."\


Possible cause: the error is in the Segura server.\


Solution: contact the support team for more information.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>No route matched with those values.</summary>

***

Message: "You are not authorized to access this resource."

Possíveis causas: failure in your application authentication with the Segura server.\


Solution: check the authentication parameters such as `Access Token URL`, `Client ID` and `Client Secret` and request a new access token or check and correct the URL.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>An invalid response was received from the upstream server.</summary>

***

Message: "An invalid response was received from the a seupstream server

Possible cause: the upstream server may be taking too long to respond, leading to a timeout error that is interpreted as an invalid response by the proxy/gateway server.\


Solution: check the connectivity between the source of the request and the Segura server.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>The upstream server is timing out.</summary>

***

Message: "The upstream server is timing out"

Possible cause: the request time has expired.

Solution: check the connectivity between the source of the request and the Segura server.

***

</details>
