# GET | List a remote session by \[id]

Access information of a proxy session registered in **PAM Core**.

## Prerequisites

* Authorization with **access** permission to **PAM Core** granted by the administrator in **A2A**.\
  More information in [How to manage authorizations in A2A](../../../../../v4/docs/how-to-manage-authorizations-in-a2a/)
* Remote session registered in **PAM Core**.\
  More information in [How to configure a remote session (proxy)](../../../../../v4/docs/pam-session-configure-remote-session-proxy/).

## Request

`GET` `api/pam/session/remotesessions/[id]`

## Request parameters

Send the parameter below in the path of the URL.

`id` - int - required - Unique hash generated by Segura to exclusively identify a specific session.

Note: this value is automatically assigned by Segura when the session is created and is obtained in the response to the request [GET | List all remote sessions](../../../../../v4/docs/api-get-list-all-remote-sessions/).

### Example request

`GET` `{{url}}/api/session/remotesessions/53`

## Response

```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "response": {
        "status": 200,
        "message": "",
        "error": false,
        "error_code": 0,
        "detail": "",
        "mensagem": "",
        "erro": false,
        "cod_erro": 0
    },
    "tenant": "Segura",
    "remote_session": [
        {
            "id": "30",
            "user": "MFASenhaSegura",
            "origin_ip": "172.16.20.158",
            "credential": "usrsudonopass",
            "device": "10.66.33.17:22",
            "protocol": "ssh",
            "proxy": "Web Proxy",
            "session_id": "df06257a1*********************9104dc43",
            "start": "2024-05-15 17:37:53",
            "end": "2024-05-15 17:38:00",
            "time": "00:00:07",
            "prevent_purge": "No",
            "request": null,
            "ITSM": null
        }
    ]
}
```

### Response body fields

`remote_sessions` - array of objects - Data of the listed remote sessions.\
&#x20;   →`id` - int - Unique identification code for the remote session.    Note: this value is automatically assigned by Segura when the session is created and should not be confused with the `session_id` parameter.\
&#x20;   →`user` - string - Username used for authentication.\
&#x20;   →`origin_ip` - string - IP address of the session's originating device.\
&#x20;   →`credential` - string - Credential used for the session.\
&#x20;   →`device` - string - Hostname or IP address of the target device.\
&#x20;   →`protocol` - string - Network protocol (SSH, RDP, HTTPS, among others).\
&#x20;   →`proxy` - string - Type of proxy session.\
&#x20;   →`session_id` - string - Unique hash generated by Segura to exclusively identify a specific session.    Example: `df06257a1*********************9104dc43`

&#x20;   Note: this identifier is used internally by the application for operations related to the session, such as access control, activity tracking, and resource management. Each time a session is started, a new `session_id` is generated for that specific session.

\
&#x20;   →`start` - string - Start date and time of the session in ISO 8601 format.    Example: `2024-05-06 16:05:07`\
&#x20;   →`end` - string - End date and time of the session in ISO 8601 format.    Example: `2024-05-06 16:07:59`\
&#x20;   →`time` - string - Duration of the session.    Example: `00:02:52`\
&#x20;   →`prevent_purge` - string - Indicates whether the session data will be automatically deleted.    Example: `No`\
&#x20;   →`request` - string - Request made by the user.\
&#x20;   →`ITSM` - string - ITSM software code.

## Errors

<details>

<summary>404 - Not Found</summary>

***

Message: "Resource sub not found"\


Possible cause: the URL or the requested resource isn’t correct.\


Solution: check the URL and make sure the parameter is correct.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>500 - Internal Server Error</summary>

***

Message: "Unexpected error."\


Possible cause: the error is in the Segura server.\


Solution: contact the support team for more information.

***

Message: "You are not authorized to access this resource."

Possible cause: you don’t have the authorization to access this resource.\


Solution: ask the administrator to check your permission to access the Web Proxy Session resources in A2A.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>Client authentication failed</summary>

***

Message: "Client authentication failed."

Possible cause: failure in your application authentication with the Segura server.\


Solution: check the authentication parameters such as `Access Token URL`, `Client ID` e `Client secret` and request a new access token.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>Invalid signature</summary>

***

Message: "Invalid signature"

Possible cause: failure in recognizing the URL of the client application.

Solution: check the URL of the client application and resent the request.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>No route matched with those values</summary>

***

Message: "No route matched with those values."

Possible cause: the authorization header is missing in the API request.\


Solution: request a new access token.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>Request timed out</summary>

***

Message: "Request timed out."

Possible cause: the request time has expired.\


Solution: check the connectivity between the source of the request and the Segura server.

</details>
