# GET | List all remote sessions

Access information of proxy sessions registered in **PAM Core**.

## Prerequisites

* Authorization with **access** permission to **PAM Core** granted by the administrator in **A2A**.\
  More information in [How to manage authorizations in A2A](../../../../../v4/docs/how-to-manage-authorizations-in-a2a/)
* Remote sessions registered in **PAM Core**.\
  More information in [How to configure a remote session (proxy)](../../../../../v4/docs/pam-session-configure-remote-session-proxy/) for more information.

## Request

`GET` `api/pam/session/remotesessions`

## Example request

`GET` `{{url}}/api/pam/session/remotesessions`

## Response

:::(Warning) (Attention)\
Depending on the number of sessions registered in the environment, the returned list can be very long and the response time may take a few minutes.\
:::

```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "response": {
        "status": 200,
        "message": "",
        "error": false,
        "error_code": 0,
        "detail": "",
        "mensagem": "",
        "erro": false,
        "cod_erro": 0
    },
    "remote_sessions": [
      {
    "code": 200,
    "response": {
        "status": 200,
        "message": "",
        "error": false,
        "error_code": 0,
        "detail": "",
        "mensagem": "",
        "erro": false,
        "cod_erro": 0
    },
    "tenant": "Segura",
    "remote_sessions": [
        {
            "id": "3",
            "user": "Admin",
            "origin_ip": "172.16.20.125",
            "credential": "usrdomadm01",
            "device": "10.66.33.15:3389",
            "protocol": "rdp",
            "proxy": "Web Proxy",
            "session_id": "e7acacb6aedbab70073456da5744166939b77527",
            "start": "2024-05-06 16:05:07",
            "end": "2024-05-06 16:07:59",
            "time": "00:02:52",
            "prevent_purge": "No",
            "request": null,
            "ITSM": null
        },
        {
            "id": "6",
            "user": "Admin",
            "origin_ip": "172.16.20.125",
            "credential": "usrsudonopass",
            "device": "10.66.33.17:22",
            "protocol": "ssh",
            "proxy": "Web Proxy",
            "session_id": "c819cbc5f2fad2065f1d132a22d0e2dfacccb228",
            "start": "2024-05-06 16:11:17",
            "end": "2024-05-06 16:11:30",
            "time": "00:00:13",
            "prevent_purge": "No",
            "request": null,
            "ITSM": null
        }
    ]
 }
```

### Response body fields

`remote_sessions` - array of objects - Data of the listed remote sessions.\
&#x20;   →`id` - int - Unique identification code for the remote session.    Note: this value is automatically assigned by Segura when the session is created and should not be confused with the `session_id` parameter.\
&#x20;   →`user` - string - Username used for authentication.\
&#x20;   →`origin_ip` - string - IP address of the session's originating device.\
&#x20;   →`credential` - string - Credential used for the session.\
&#x20;   →`device` - string - Hostname or IP address of the target device.\
&#x20;   →`protocol` - string - Network protocol (SSH, RDP, HTTPS, among others).\
&#x20;   →`proxy` - string - Type of proxy session.\
&#x20;   →`session_id` - string - Unique hash generated by Segura to exclusively identify a specific session.    Example: `e7acacb6aedbab70073456da5744166939b77527`

&#x20;   Note: this identifier is used internally by the application for operations related to the session, such as access control, activity tracking, and resource management. Each time a session is started, a new `session_id` is generated for that specific session.

\
&#x20;   →`start` - string - Start date and time of the session in ISO 8601 format.    Example: `2024-05-06 16:05:07`\
&#x20;   →`end` - string - End date and time of the session in ISO 8601 format.    Example: `2024-05-06 16:07:59`\
&#x20;   →`time` - string - Duration of the session.    Example: `00:02:52`\
&#x20;   →`prevent_purge` - string - Indicates whether the session data will be automatically deleted.    Example: `No`\
&#x20;   →`request` - string - Request made by the user.\
&#x20;   →`ITSM` - string - ITSM software code.

## Errors

<details>

<summary>404 - Not Found</summary>

***

Message: "Resource sub not found"\


Possible cause: the URL or the requested resource isn’t correct.\


Solution: check the URL and make sure the parameter is correct.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>500 - Internal Server Error</summary>

***

Message: "Unexpected error."\


Possible cause: the error is in the Segura server.\


Solution: contact the support team for more information.

***

Message: "You are not authorized to access this resource."

Possible cause: you don’t have the authorization to access this resource.\


Solution: ask the administrator to check your permission to access the Web Proxy Session resources in A2A.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>Client authentication failed</summary>

***

Message: "Client authentication failed."

Possible cause: failure in your application authentication with the Segura server.\


Solution: check the authentication parameters such as `Access Token URL`, `Client ID` e `Client secret` and request a new access token.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>Invalid signature</summary>

***

Message: "Invalid signature"

Possible cause: failure in recognizing the URL of the client application.

Solution: check the URL of the client application and resent the request.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>No route matched with those values</summary>

***

Message: "No route matched with those values."

Possible cause: the authorization header is missing in the API request.\


Solution: request a new access token.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>Request timed out</summary>

***

Message: "Request timed out."

Possible cause: the request time has expired.\


Solution: check the connectivity between the source of the request and the Segura server.

</details>
