# DEL | Terminate a remote session

Terminate a proxy session registered in **PAM Core**.

## Prerequisites

* Authorization with **access** and **read and write** permission to **PAM Core** granted by the administrator in **A2A**.\
  More information in [How to manage authorizations in A2A](../../../../../v4/docs/how-to-manage-authorizations-in-a2a/)
* Remote session registered in **PAM Core**.\
  More information in [How to configure a remote session (proxy)](../../../../../v4/docs/pam-session-configure-remote-session-proxy/).

## Request

`DEL` `api/pam/session/drop/[session_id]`

## Request parameters

Send the parameter below in the path of the URL.

`session_id` - string - required - Unique hash generated by Segura to exclusively identify a specific session.

Note: this value is automatically assigned by Segura when the session is created and is obtained in the response to the request [GET | List all remote sessions](../../../../../v4/docs/api-get-list-all-remote-sessions/).

### Example request

`DEL` `{{url}}/api/pam/session/drop/1dbd4cdcf4b*************9554cd6308975`

## Response

```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK 
```

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "response": {
        "status": 200,
        "message": "Sessão interrompida com sucesso",
        "error": false,
        "error_code": 0,
        "detail": "",
        "mensagem": "Sessão interrompida com sucesso",
        "erro": false,
        "cod_erro": 0
    }
}
```

## Errors

<details>

<summary>404 - Not Found.</summary>

***

Mensagem: "Resource sub not found"

Possível causa: a URL ou o recurso solicitado não está correto.\


Solução: verifique a URL e envie a requisição novamente.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>500 - Internal Server Error</summary>

***

Message: "Unexpected error."\


Possible cause: the error is in the Segura server.\


Solution: contact the support team for more information.

***

Message: "You are not authorized to access this resource."

Possible cause: you don’t have the authorization to access this resource.\


Solution: ask the administrator to check your permission to access the Web Proxy Session resources in A2A.

***

Message: "An error occurred while droping session."

Possible cause: there was an error while terminating the session.\


Solution: check the `session_id` and resend the request.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>Client authentication failed</summary>

***

Message: "Client authentication failed."

Possible cause: failure in your application authentication with the Segura server.\


Solution: check the authentication parameters such as `Access Token URL`, `Client ID` e `Client secret` and request a new access token.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>Invalid signature</summary>

***

Message: "Invalid signature"

Possible cause: failure in recognizing the URL of the client application.

Solution: check the URL of the client application and resent the request.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>No route matched with those values</summary>

***

Message: "No route matched with those values."

Possible cause: the authorization header is missing in the API request.\


Solution: request a new access token.

***

</details>

<details>

<summary>Request timed out</summary>

***

Message: "Request timed out."

Possible cause: the request time has expired.\


Solution: check the connectivity between the source of the request and the Segura server.

</details>
